README.md, before:

# MyLight Systems

[![GitHub Release][releases-shield]][releases]
[![GitHub Activity][commits-shield]][commits]
[![License][license-shield]](LICENSE)

[![hacs][hacsbadge]][hacs]
![Project Maintenance][maintenance-shield]

_Integration to integrate with [MyLight Systems][mylight_systems]._

**This integration will set up the following platforms.**

| Platform                                        | Description                                                    | Unit | Implemented        |
|-------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|------|--------------------|
| `sensor.total_solar_production`                 | Total solar power production.                                  | W/h  | :white_check_mark: |
| `sensor.total_grid_with_battery_consumption`    | Total power consumption from the grid with virtual battery.    | W/h  | :white_check_mark: |
| `sensor.total_grid_without_battery_consumption` | Total power consumption from the grid without virtual battery. | W/h  | :white_check_mark: |
| `sensor.total_autonomy_rate`                    | Autonomy rate.                                                 | %    | :white_check_mark: |
| `sensor.total_self_conso`                       | Self consumption.                                              | %    | :white_check_mark: |
| `sensor.total_msb_charge`                       | My Smart Battery Charge.                                       | W/h  | :white_check_mark: |
| `sensor.total_msb_discharge`                    | My Smart Battery Discharge.                                    | W/h  | :white_check_mark: |
| `sensor.battery_state`                          | Current battery state.                                         | kW   | :white_check_mark: |
| `sensor.total_green_energy`                     | Total power consumned (from the production) by you home.       | W/h  | :white_check_mark: |

## Installation

## Automatic

[![Open your Home Assistant instance and open a repository inside the Home Assistant Community Store.](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/hacs_repository.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/hacs_repository/?owner=acesyde&repository=hassio_mylight_integration&category=integration)

## Manual

1. Using the tool of choice open the directory (folder) for your HA configuration (where you find `configuration.yaml`).
2. If you do not have a `custom_components` directory (folder) there, you need to create it.
3In the `custom_components` directory (folder) create a new folder called `mylight_systems`.
3. Download _all_ the files from the `custom_components/mylight_systems/` directory (folder) in this repository.
4. Place the files you downloaded in the new directory (folder) you created.
5. Restart Home Assistant
6. In the HA UI go to "Configuration" -> "Integrations" click "+" and search for "MyLight Systems"

## Configuration is done in the UI

## Contributions are welcome!

If you want to contribute to this please read the [Contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md)

***

[mylight_systems]: https://www.mylight-systems.com/

[commits-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/acesyde/hassio_mylight_integration.svg?style=for-the-badge

[commits]: https://github.com/acesyde/hassio_mylight_integration/commits/main

[hacs]: https://github.com/hacs/integration

[hacsbadge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/HACS-Custom-orange.svg?style=for-the-badge

[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/acesyde/hassio_mylight_integration.svg?style=for-the-badge

[maintenance-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/maintainer-Pierre%20Emmanuel%20Mercier%20%40acesyde-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge

[releases-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/release/acesyde/hassio_mylight_integration.svg?style=for-the-badge

[releases]: https://github.com/acesyde/hassio_mylight_integration/releases

Commit message:

fix: sensor.grid_returned_energy

README.md, after:

# MyLight Systems

[![GitHub Release][releases-shield]][releases]
[![GitHub Activity][commits-shield]][commits]
[![License][license-shield]](LICENSE)

[![hacs][hacsbadge]][hacs]
![Project Maintenance][maintenance-shield]

_Integration to integrate with [MyLight Systems][mylight_systems]._

**This integration will set up the following platforms.**

| Platform                                        | Description                                                    | Unit | Implemented        |
|-------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|------|--------------------|
| `sensor.total_solar_production`                 | Total solar power production.                                  | W/h  | :white_check_mark: |
| `sensor.total_grid_with_battery_consumption`    | Total power consumption from the grid with virtual battery.    | W/h  | :white_check_mark: |
| `sensor.total_grid_without_battery_consumption` | Total power consumption from the grid without virtual battery. | W/h  | :white_check_mark: |
| `sensor.total_autonomy_rate`                    | Autonomy rate.                                                 | %    | :white_check_mark: |
| `sensor.total_self_conso`                       | Self consumption.                                              | %    | :white_check_mark: |
| `sensor.total_msb_charge`                       | My Smart Battery Charge.                                       | W/h  | :white_check_mark: |
| `sensor.total_msb_discharge`                    | My Smart Battery Discharge.                                    | W/h  | :white_check_mark: |
| `sensor.battery_state`                          | Current battery state.                                         | kW   | :white_check_mark: |
| `sensor.total_green_energy`                     | Total power consumned (from the production) by you home.       | W/h  | :white_check_mark: |
| `sensor.grid_returned_energy`                   | Total power returned to the grid.                              | W/h  | :white_check_mark: |

## Installation

## Automatic

[![Open your Home Assistant instance and open a repository inside the Home Assistant Community Store.](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/hacs_repository.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/hacs_repository/?owner=acesyde&repository=hassio_mylight_integration&category=integration)

## Manual

1. Using the tool of choice open the directory (folder) for your HA configuration (where you find `configuration.yaml`).
2. If you do not have a `custom_components` directory (folder) there, you need to create it.
   3In the `custom_components` directory (folder) create a new folder called `mylight_systems`.
3. Download _all_ the files from the `custom_components/mylight_systems/` directory (folder) in this repository.
4. Place the files you downloaded in the new directory (folder) you created.
5. Restart Home Assistant
6. In the HA UI go to "Configuration" -> "Integrations" click "+" and search for "MyLight Systems"

## Configuration is done in the UI

## Contributions are welcome!

If you want to contribute to this please read the [Contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md)

***

[mylight_systems]: https://www.mylight-systems.com/

[commits-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/acesyde/hassio_mylight_integration.svg?style=for-the-badge

[commits]: https://github.com/acesyde/hassio_mylight_integration/commits/main

[hacs]: https://github.com/hacs/integration

[hacsbadge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/HACS-Custom-orange.svg?style=for-the-badge

[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/acesyde/hassio_mylight_integration.svg?style=for-the-badge

[maintenance-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/maintainer-Pierre%20Emmanuel%20Mercier%20%40acesyde-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge

[releases-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/release/acesyde/hassio_mylight_integration.svg?style=for-the-badge

[releases]: https://github.com/acesyde/hassio_mylight_integration/releases
